Lions are mostly active at night and
seldom roar during the day we tried to
persuade them to do so with the help of
scientists by paying back the roar of
strange land to a resident pride even
that didn't work but twelve years later
I set off in an open-sided Land Rover
with the latest infrared technology to
try again as usual they were sleeping I
would have to wait for darkness
we drive up I go on one side the camera
goes on the other and the lion starts
roaring but the problem is I can't see
where it is I can't even see where the
camera is q says the producer so I start
trying to say my piece trying not to be
too fond of this line which is somewhere
in the blackness as far as I can make
out within a couple of yards on me and
no side on the Land Rover and I then had
to do my piece to camera looking around
now in the darkness
a few years later similar technology
made it possible to film one of the most
extraordinary hunting sequences ever
recorded using whole batteries of
infrared lights mounted on vehicles
[Music]
[Applause]
a soldier lion stands no chance for the
whole pride is here there are 30 of them
and their specialist elephant hunters
[Music]
this remarkable behavior could not have
been filmed in any other way and it
proved conclusively what many had
doubted that a big pride of lions can
indeed bring down and kill an animal as
big as an elephant